Add 7.6.0-preview.3 changelog (#25001)
PowerShell/PowerShell: CHANGELOG/preview.md

# Preview Changelog

## [7.6.0-preview.3]

### Breaking Changes

- Remove trailing space from event source name (#24192) (Thanks @MartinGC94!)

### General Cmdlet Updates and Fixes

- Add completion single/double quote support for `-Noun` parameter for `Get-Command` (#24977) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
- Stringify `ErrorRecord` with empty exception message to empty string (#24949) (Thanks @MatejKafka!)
- Add completion single/double quote support for `-PSEdition` parameter for `Get-Module` (#24971) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

> - Error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Throw error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)
```

> - Fix error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)
```

- Allow `Start-Transcript`to use `$Transcript` which is a `PSObject` wrapped string to specify the transcript path (#24963) (Thanks @kborowinski!)

> - Add quote handling in `Verb`, `StrictModeVersion`, `Scope` & `PropertyType` Argument Completers with single helper method (#24839) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

Reviewer: Can you please move the 3 quote handling PRs #24977, #24971, and this one together?

- Improve `Start-Process -Wait` polling efficiency (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)
- Convert `InvalidCommandNameCharacters` in `AnalysisCache` to `SearchValues<char>` for more efficient char searching (#24880) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
- Convert `s_charactersRequiringQuotes` in Completion Completers to `SearchValues<char>` for more efficient char searching (#24879) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

### Code Cleanup

<details>

<summary>

<p>We thank the following contributors!</p>
<p>@xtqqczze, @fMichaleczek, @ArmaanMcleod</p>

</summary>

<ul>
<li>Fix <code>RunspacePool</code>, <code>RunspacePoolInternal</code> and <code>RemoteRunspacePoolInternal</code> <code>IDisposable</code> implementation (#24720) (Thanks @xtqqczze!)</li>
<li>Remove redundant <code>Attribute</code> suffix (#24940) (Thanks @xtqqczze!)</li>
<li>Fix formatting of the XML comment for <code>SteppablePipeline.Clean()</code> (#24941)</li>
<li>Use <code>Environment.ProcessId</code> in <code>SpecialVariables.PID</code> (#24926) (Thanks @fMichaleczek!)</li>

> <li>Replace char[] array in <code>CompletionRequiresQuotes</code> with cached SearchValues<char> (#24907) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)</li>

Reviewer: This is in the same category as #24880 and #24879 in the above section, so maybe should move up.

> <li>Update <code>IndexOfAny</code> calls with invalid path/filename to <code>SearchValues&lt;char&gt;</code> for more efficient char searching (#24896) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)</li>

Reviewer: Same here.

<li>Seal internal types in <code>PlatformInvokes</code> (#24826) (Thanks @xtqqczze!)</li>
</ul>

</details>

### Tools

- Update CODEOWNERS (#24989)

### Build and Packaging Improvements

<details>

<summary>

<p>We thank the following contributors!</p>
<p>@xtqqczze, @KyZy7</p>

</summary>

<ul>

> <li>Update branch for release  - Transitive - false - none (#24995)</li>

Reviewer: Can you reword this one? It's confusing

<li>Add setup dotnet action to the build composite action (#24996)</li>
<li>Give the pipeline runs meaningful names (#24987)</li>
<li>Fix V-Pack download package name (#24866)</li>
<li>Set <code>LangVersion</code> compiler option to <code>13.0</code> in Test.Common.props (#24621) (Thanks @xtqqczze!)</li>
<li>Fix release branch filters (#24933)</li>
<li>Fix GitHub Action filter overmatching (#24929)</li>
<li>Add UseDotnet task for installing dotnet (#24905)</li>
<li>Convert powershell/PowerShell-CI-macos to GitHub Actions (#24914)</li>
<li>Convert powershell/PowerShell-CI-linux to GitHub Actions (#24913)</li>
<li>Convert powershell/PowerShell-Windows-CI to GitHub Actions (#24899)</li>
<li>Fix MSIX stage in release pipeline (#24900)</li>
<li>Update .NET SDK (#24906)</li>
<li>Update metadata.json (#24862)</li>
<li>PMC parse state correctly from update command's response (#24850)</li>
<li>Add EV2 support for publishing PowerShell packages to PMC (#24841)</li>
<li>Remove AzDO credscan as it is now in GitHub (#24842)</li>

> <li>Add *.props and sort path filters for windows CI  (#24822)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Add *.props and sort path filters for windows CI (#24822)</li>
```

# Preview Changelog

## [7.6.0-preview.3]

### General Cmdlet Updates and Fixes

> - Add completion single/double quote support for `-Noun` parameter (#24977) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add completion single/double quote support for `-Noun` parameter for `Get-Command` (#24977) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
```

Author: done

> - Remove trailing space from event source name (#24192) (Thanks @MartinGC94!)

Reviewer 2: @daxian-dbw @SteveL-MSFT Should we tag this a breaking, even though it is bucket 3?

Reviewer: I agree with tagging this as a breaking change in the change log.

- Stringify `ErrorRecord` with empty exception message to empty string (#24949) (Thanks @MatejKafka!)

> - Add completion single/double quote support for `-PSEdition` parameter (#24971) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add completion single/double quote support for `-PSEdition` parameter for `Get-Module` (#24971) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
```

Author: done

> - Fix `New-Item -Force` to error on invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936) (Thanks @kborowinski!)
```

Author: done. added fix in front of suggestion
```
- Fix error when `New-Item -Force` is passed an invalid directory name (#24936)
```

> - Fix `Start-Transcript` error when `$Transcript` is a `PSObject` wrapped string (#24963) (Thanks @kborowinski!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow `Start-Transcript` to use `$Transcript` which is a `PSObject` wrapped string to specify the transcript path (#24963) (Thanks @kborowinski!)
```

- Add quote handling in `Verb`, `StrictModeVersion`, `Scope` & `PropertyType` Argument Completers with single helper method (#24839) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

> - Fix `Start-Process -Wait` polling (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve `Start-Process -Wait` polling efficency (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Improve `Start-Process -Wait` polling efficiency (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)
```

> - Improve `Start-Process -Wait` polling efficency (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)

Reviewer 3: Correct spelling
```suggestion
- Improve `Start-Process -Wait` polling efficiency (#24711) (Thanks @jborean93!)
```

Author: done

- Convert `InvalidCommandNameCharacters` in AnalysisCache to `SearchValues<char>` for more efficient char searching (#24880) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
- Convert `s_charactersRequiringQuotes` in Completion Completers to `SearchValues<char>` for more efficient char searching (#24879) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)

### Code Cleanup

<details>

<summary>

<p>We thank the following contributors!</p>

> <p>@xtqqczze, @fMichaleczek, @ArmaanMcleod</p>

Reviewer 3: Were these 3 called out just for `Code cleanup`? There are others that contributed updates and fixes that aren't listed in the previous section.

Author: The call outs only get generated when the list is compressed. Do you think this needs to be changed to have a call out for every section?

Reviewer 3: I think that if we are recognizing anyone from the community then we need to recognize everyone.

Author: @TravisEz13 @adityapatwardhan @SeeminglyScience Your thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: We only do this in the summarized section, otherwise we thank them for the individual change.   We could thank everyone at the very top instead of each section.
